# Glycomimetic Modeling
This repo contains the glycomimetic program developed by Yao Xiao in the Woods Group at the CCRC. Instructions for compiling and running this program can be found in src/
The repo also contains scripts and programs that allow you to take the output from the glycomimetic program and perform an MD simulation followed by an MMBGSA analysis.

#### master_submit.sh
This file is given a working directory. The idea is this will be called by gem (but could be re-written into gems).
	Runs the glycomimetic program according to user inputs.
	Generates a list of pdb files with the initial structures generated and their R group positions optimized.
	Writes a log file detailing which atoms are glycam and which are gaff. This is used by the program in glycam_gaff_interfacing.
	Calls make_submussion_scripts.sh for each R group/ligand that is generated by the glycomimetic program.

#### make_submission_scripts.sh
	Runs antechamer on ligand.pdb, but you must provide it a total charge for the molecule. Antechamber writes everything out with GAFF.
	parmchck2 then makes a frmod file.
	A custom gmml program finds the glycan part of the ligand and convertst it back into GLYCAM, redistrubiting the difference in charges among the atoms in the GAFF part. Writes out a frcmod file that contains torsions etc for the gaff-glycam connection. Writes an off file too.
	tleap gets the frcmod and offfile to make a topology and restart file (prmtop and rst). It will add hydrogens if required.
	A custom gmml script reads the pdb file from tleap and writes an input file for emin, md, and mmgbsa. 
	Submit MD jobs.
